README.md, before:

# Student Time Management for Microsoft 365

> **Automate student account sign-in restrictions** for Microsoft 365 / Entra ID (Azure AD) using Azure Automation and Microsoft Graph API.

[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## 🎯 Purpose

This solution allows schools to **restrict student login times** to specific hours (e.g., 07:55 AM - 16:05 PM, Monday-Friday) in a **cloud-only Entra ID environment** where native logon hour restrictions are not available.

### Why This Solution?

Microsoft confirms that **native time-based login restrictions are NOT supported** in cloud-only Entra ID:

> *"Unfortunately it is not possible to restrict user login to a specific time frame on Azure AD. Azure AD / O365 does not 'understand' Logon Hours."*
> — Microsoft Support Documentation

This repository provides a complete, production-ready workaround.

---

## ⚠️ Important: User Experience Notice

**Microsoft warns that this workaround provides a poor user experience.** Students will:
- Be **immediately logged out** when accounts are disabled
- Potentially **lose unsaved work**
- Need to **re-authenticate** each morning

Please communicate this clearly to students and staff before implementation.

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

| Requirement | Details |
|-------------|---------|
| Microsoft 365 | Education subscription (A1, A3, or A5) |
| Azure | Subscription (for Azure Automation) |
| Permissions | Global Administrator or Application Administrator |
| Student Group | Security group containing all student accounts |

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                     Azure Automation                            │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  ┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐            │
│  │ Enable-Student   │          │ Disable-Student  │            │
│  │ Access.ps1       │          │ Access.ps1       │            │
│  └────────┬─────────┘          └────────┬─────────┘            │
│           │                             │                       │
│  Schedule: 07:55 AM             Schedule: 16:05 PM              │
│  Mon-Fri                        Mon-Fri                         │
└───────────┼─────────────────────────────┼───────────────────────┘
            │                             │
            ▼                             ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Microsoft Graph API                          │
│              PATCH /users/{id} accountEnabled                   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
            │                             │
            ▼                             ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Entra ID (Azure AD)                          │
│                    Student Accounts                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
StudentTime-Management-M365/
├── .github/
│   ├── workflows/
│   │   └── deploy-infrastructure.yml    # GitHub Actions CI/CD
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── config/
│   └── config.template.json             # Configuration template
├── docs/
│   └── email-template.html              # Customer communication template
├── infrastructure/
│   └── main.bicep                       # Infrastructure as Code (Bicep)
├── runbooks/
│   ├── Enable-StudentAccess.ps1         # Enable accounts (morning)
│   ├── Disable-StudentAccess.ps1        # Disable accounts (afternoon)
│   └── Get-StudentAccessStatus.ps1      # Status report
├── scripts/
│   ├── Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1      # 🎯 Interactive menu (START HERE)
│   ├── SecureCredentialManager.psm1     # Secure credential storage
│   ├── Deploy-ToAzureDirect.ps1         # Direct Azure deployment
│   ├── Deploy-StudentAccessAutomation.ps1
│   ├── New-AppRegistration.ps1          # Create Entra ID app
│   ├── New-GitHubFederation.ps1         # GitHub OIDC setup
│   └── Test-StudentAccess.ps1           # Local testing
├── .gitignore
├── LICENSE
└── README.md
```

---

## 🧪 Testing First (Recommended)

> **⚠️ Always test with a small group before production deployment!**

The solution **only affects members of the security group** you specify. Teachers, admins, and staff are **never touched**.

### Quick Test Setup

```powershell
# 1. Run the test environment setup script
.\scripts\Setup-TestEnvironment.ps1

# 2. Optionally create test user accounts
.\scripts\Setup-TestEnvironment.ps1 -CreateTestUsers -TestUserCount 3
```

This will:
1. Create a test security group: `StudentAccess-TestGroup`
2. Optionally create test student accounts
3. Output the **Group ID** to use during deployment

### Test → Production Workflow

| Phase | Group | Duration |
|-------|-------|----------|
| **Testing** | `StudentAccess-TestGroup` (2-3 accounts) | 3-5 days |
| **Pilot** | Small student group (20-50 accounts) | 1-2 weeks |
| **Production** | All students security group | Ongoing |

To switch from test to production, simply update the `StudentGroupId` variable in Azure Automation.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Option 1: Interactive Menu (Recommended)

```powershell
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/NorwegianPear/StudentTime-Management-M365.git
cd StudentTime-Management-M365

# Run the interactive menu
.\scripts\Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1
```

The menu provides a guided setup experience:

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║   STUDENT TIME MANAGEMENT FOR MICROSOFT 365                   ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

── SETUP ──────────────────────────────────────────────────
  [1]  Create App Registration (Entra ID)
  [2]  Manage Secure Credentials (Local PC)

── DEPLOYMENT ─────────────────────────────────────────────
  [3]  Deploy to Azure (Direct - No GitHub)
  [4]  Deploy via GitHub Actions (IaC)
  [5]  Deploy using Bicep Template

── TESTING ────────────────────────────────────────────────
  [6]  Test: Enable Student Access
  [7]  Test: Disable Student Access
  [8]  View: Student Access Status

── CONFIGURATION ──────────────────────────────────────────
  [9]  View Current Configuration
  [0]  Edit Configuration File

  [Q]  Quit
```

### Option 2: Step-by-Step Manual Setup

#### Step 1: Create App Registration

```powershell
.\scripts\New-AppRegistration.ps1 -AppName "Student-Access-Automation"
```

This creates an Entra ID app with required permissions and outputs:
- **TenantId**
- **ClientId**
- **ClientSecret** (save immediately!)

#### Step 2: Create Student Security Group

1. Go to [Entra Admin Center](https://entra.microsoft.com)
2. Navigate to **Groups** → **All groups** → **New group**
3. Create a security group and add all student accounts
4. Copy the **Object ID**

#### Step 3: Store Credentials Securely

```powershell
# Run the menu and select [2] Manage Secure Credentials
.\scripts\Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1

# Or manually import the module
Import-Module .\scripts\SecureCredentialManager.psm1
Set-AllCredentials
```

#### Step 4: Deploy to Azure

**Option A: Direct Deployment (No GitHub Required)**
```powershell
.\scripts\Deploy-ToAzureDirect.ps1 -UseSecureCredentials
```

**Option B: Using Config File**
```powershell
# Copy and edit the config template
Copy-Item .\config\config.template.json .\config\config.json
# Edit config.json with your values

.\scripts\Deploy-StudentAccessAutomation.ps1 -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
```

**Option C: Using Bicep (IaC)**
```powershell
az deployment group create \
  --resource-group rg-student-access-automation \
  --template-file infrastructure/main.bicep \
  --parameters tenantId=<your-tenant-id> ...
```

**Option D: GitHub Actions (CI/CD)**
1. Push repo to GitHub
2. Run `.\scripts\New-GitHubFederation.ps1 -GitHubRepo "owner/repo"`
3. Add secrets to GitHub repository
4. Push to main branch to trigger deployment

---

## ⚙️ Deployment Options Comparison

| Method | GitHub Required | Best For |
|--------|-----------------|----------|
| **Interactive Menu** | ❌ No | First-time users, manual control |
| **Direct PowerShell** | ❌ No | Quick deployment, scripting |
| **Bicep Template** | ❌ No | Infrastructure as Code |
| **GitHub Actions** | ✅ Yes | CI/CD, team environments |

---

## 🔐 Credential Storage Options

### Option 1: Secure Local Storage (Recommended)
Credentials stored in **Windows Credential Manager**:
- ✅ Encrypted at rest
- ✅ Tied to Windows user account
- ✅ Never in plain text
- ✅ Survives reboots

```powershell
Import-Module .\scripts\SecureCredentialManager.psm1
Set-AllCredentials  # Interactive prompt
```

### Option 2: Config File
Store in `config/config.json` (add to `.gitignore`):
```json
{
    "TenantId": "your-tenant-id",
    "ClientId": "your-client-id",
    "ClientSecret": "your-secret",
    "StudentGroupId": "your-group-id"
}
```

### Option 3: GitHub Secrets (for CI/CD)
Required secrets:
- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID`
- `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`
- `GRAPH_CLIENT_ID`
- `GRAPH_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `STUDENT_GROUP_ID`

---

## 📊 Configuration

### Schedule Settings

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `EnableTime` | `07:55` | Time to enable accounts (5 min before school) |
| `DisableTime` | `16:05` | Time to disable accounts (5 min after school) |
| `TimeZone` | `W. Europe Standard Time` | Schedule time zone |
| `DaysOfWeek` | `Mon-Fri` | Days to run schedules |
| `RevokeTokens` | `true` | Force immediate sign-out |

### API Permissions Required

| Permission | Type | Purpose |
|------------|------|---------|
| `User.ReadWrite.All` | Application | Enable/disable accounts |
| `Group.Read.All` | Application | Read group membership |
| `Directory.Read.All` | Application | Read directory data |

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Test Without Making Changes (WhatIf Mode)
```powershell
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Status -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Enable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json -WhatIf
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Disable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json -WhatIf
```

### Test with Real Changes
```powershell
# Enable all students (run manually to test)
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Enable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json

# Check status
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Status -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
```

---

## 📈 Monitoring & Logs

### Azure Portal
1. Go to **Automation Account** → **Jobs**
2. View execution history and output
3. Set up alerts for failed jobs

### PowerShell
```powershell
# Get recent job status
Get-AzAutomationJob -ResourceGroupName "rg-student-access-automation" `
                    -AutomationAccountName "StudentAccessAutomation" `
                    -StartTime (Get-Date).AddDays(-1)
```

---

## 💰 Cost Estimate

| Resource | Monthly Cost |
|----------|-------------|
| Azure Automation | ~€2-5 (500 min free) |
| Log Storage | < €1 |
| **Total** | **~€3-6/month** |

---

## 🔄 Alternative Solutions Comparison

| Solution | Cloud-Only | UX | Cost | Complexity |
|----------|------------|-----|------|------------|
| **This Solution (Azure Automation)** | ✅ Yes | ⚠️ Poor | €3-6/mo | Medium |
| Hybrid AD + PTA | ✅ Yes* | ✅ Good | Infrastructure | High |
| Intune Device Control | ✅ Yes | ✅ Good | Free** | Medium |
| Third-party (GoGuardian) | ✅ Yes | ✅ Best | €3-8/user/yr | Low |

\* Requires on-premises AD infrastructure  
\** Requires managed devices

---

## ❓ Troubleshooting

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| Module import fails | Wait 5-10 minutes; modules import in background |
| Permission denied | Verify admin consent was granted |
| No students found | Check StudentGroupId is correct Object ID |
| Schedule not running | Verify time zone setting |
| Credentials not found | Run `Set-AllCredentials` to store them |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Submit a pull request

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file

---

## 📞 Support

- Open a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/yourorg/StudentTime-Management-M365/issues)
- Review [Azure Automation Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/automation/)
- Review [Microsoft Graph API Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/overview)

Commit message:

Update docs: Weekend disabled + only students affected
- Added weekend schedule (Sat/Sun disabled all day)
- Clarified only students are affected (teachers/admins NOT affected)
- Updated README with schedule table and affected users
- Updated solution-architecture.svg with weekly schedule
- Updated email template with weekend info
- Updated SOLUTION-ARCHITECTURE.md with weekly schedule diagram

README.md, after:

# Student Time Management for Microsoft 365

> **Automate student account sign-in restrictions** for Microsoft 365 / Entra ID (Azure AD) using Azure Automation and Microsoft Graph API.

[![Deploy to Azure](https://aka.ms/deploytoazurebutton)](https://portal.azure.com)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## 🎯 Purpose

This solution allows schools to **restrict student login times** to school hours in a **cloud-only Entra ID environment** where native logon hour restrictions are not available.

### Schedule

| Day | Hours | Status |
|-----|-------|--------|
| **Monday - Friday** | 07:55 AM - 04:05 PM | 🟢 Students ENABLED |
| **Monday - Friday** | 04:05 PM - 07:55 AM | 🔴 Students DISABLED |
| **Saturday - Sunday** | All day | 🔴 Students DISABLED |

### Who Is Affected?

| User Type | Affected? |
|-----------|-----------|
| **Students** | ✅ YES - Only members of the specified security group |
| **Teachers** | ❌ NO - Not in the student group |
| **Admins** | ❌ NO - Not in the student group |
| **Staff** | ❌ NO - Not in the student group |

### Why This Solution?

Microsoft confirms that **native time-based login restrictions are NOT supported** in cloud-only Entra ID:

> *"Unfortunately it is not possible to restrict user login to a specific time frame on Azure AD. Azure AD / O365 does not 'understand' Logon Hours."*
> — Microsoft Support Documentation

This repository provides a complete, production-ready workaround.

---

## ⚠️ Important: User Experience Notice

**Microsoft warns that this workaround provides a poor user experience.** Students will:
- Be **immediately logged out** when accounts are disabled
- Potentially **lose unsaved work**
- Need to **re-authenticate** each morning

Please communicate this clearly to students and staff before implementation.

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

| Requirement | Details |
|-------------|---------|
| Microsoft 365 | Education subscription (A1, A3, or A5) |
| Azure | Subscription (for Azure Automation) |
| Permissions | Global Administrator or Application Administrator |
| Student Group | Security group containing all student accounts |

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                     Azure Automation                            │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  ┌──────────────────┐          ┌──────────────────┐            │
│  │ Enable-Student   │          │ Disable-Student  │            │
│  │ Access.ps1       │          │ Access.ps1       │            │
│  └────────┬─────────┘          └────────┬─────────┘            │
│           │                             │                       │
│  Schedule: 07:55 AM             Schedule: 16:05 PM              │
│  Mon-Fri                        Mon-Fri                         │
└───────────┼─────────────────────────────┼───────────────────────┘
            │                             │
            ▼                             ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Microsoft Graph API                          │
│              PATCH /users/{id} accountEnabled                   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
            │                             │
            ▼                             ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Entra ID (Azure AD)                          │
│                    Student Accounts                             │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
StudentTime-Management-M365/
├── .github/
│   ├── workflows/
│   │   └── deploy-infrastructure.yml    # GitHub Actions CI/CD
│   └── copilot-instructions.md
├── config/
│   └── config.template.json             # Configuration template
├── docs/
│   └── email-template.html              # Customer communication template
├── infrastructure/
│   └── main.bicep                       # Infrastructure as Code (Bicep)
├── runbooks/
│   ├── Enable-StudentAccess.ps1         # Enable accounts (morning)
│   ├── Disable-StudentAccess.ps1        # Disable accounts (afternoon)
│   └── Get-StudentAccessStatus.ps1      # Status report
├── scripts/
│   ├── Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1      # 🎯 Interactive menu (START HERE)
│   ├── SecureCredentialManager.psm1     # Secure credential storage
│   ├── Deploy-ToAzureDirect.ps1         # Direct Azure deployment
│   ├── Deploy-StudentAccessAutomation.ps1
│   ├── New-AppRegistration.ps1          # Create Entra ID app
│   ├── New-GitHubFederation.ps1         # GitHub OIDC setup
│   └── Test-StudentAccess.ps1           # Local testing
├── .gitignore
├── LICENSE
└── README.md
```

---

## 🧪 Testing First (Recommended)

> **⚠️ Always test with a small group before production deployment!**

The solution **only affects members of the security group** you specify. Teachers, admins, and staff are **never touched**.

### Quick Test Setup

```powershell
# 1. Run the test environment setup script
.\scripts\Setup-TestEnvironment.ps1

# 2. Optionally create test user accounts
.\scripts\Setup-TestEnvironment.ps1 -CreateTestUsers -TestUserCount 3
```

This will:
1. Create a test security group: `StudentAccess-TestGroup`
2. Optionally create test student accounts
3. Output the **Group ID** to use during deployment

### Test → Production Workflow

| Phase | Group | Duration |
|-------|-------|----------|
| **Testing** | `StudentAccess-TestGroup` (2-3 accounts) | 3-5 days |
| **Pilot** | Small student group (20-50 accounts) | 1-2 weeks |
| **Production** | All students security group | Ongoing |

To switch from test to production, simply update the `StudentGroupId` variable in Azure Automation.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Option 1: Interactive Menu (Recommended)

```powershell
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/NorwegianPear/StudentTime-Management-M365.git
cd StudentTime-Management-M365

# Run the interactive menu
.\scripts\Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1
```

The menu provides a guided setup experience:

```
╔═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║   STUDENT TIME MANAGEMENT FOR MICROSOFT 365                   ║
╚═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝

── SETUP ──────────────────────────────────────────────────
  [1]  Create App Registration (Entra ID)
  [2]  Manage Secure Credentials (Local PC)

── DEPLOYMENT ─────────────────────────────────────────────
  [3]  Deploy to Azure (Direct - No GitHub)
  [4]  Deploy via GitHub Actions (IaC)
  [5]  Deploy using Bicep Template

── TESTING ────────────────────────────────────────────────
  [6]  Test: Enable Student Access
  [7]  Test: Disable Student Access
  [8]  View: Student Access Status

── CONFIGURATION ──────────────────────────────────────────
  [9]  View Current Configuration
  [0]  Edit Configuration File

  [Q]  Quit
```

### Option 2: Step-by-Step Manual Setup

#### Step 1: Create App Registration

```powershell
.\scripts\New-AppRegistration.ps1 -AppName "Student-Access-Automation"
```

This creates an Entra ID app with required permissions and outputs:
- **TenantId**
- **ClientId**
- **ClientSecret** (save immediately!)

#### Step 2: Create Student Security Group

1. Go to [Entra Admin Center](https://entra.microsoft.com)
2. Navigate to **Groups** → **All groups** → **New group**
3. Create a security group and add all student accounts
4. Copy the **Object ID**

#### Step 3: Store Credentials Securely

```powershell
# Run the menu and select [2] Manage Secure Credentials
.\scripts\Start-StudentAccessMenu.ps1

# Or manually import the module
Import-Module .\scripts\SecureCredentialManager.psm1
Set-AllCredentials
```

#### Step 4: Deploy to Azure

**Option A: Direct Deployment (No GitHub Required)**
```powershell
.\scripts\Deploy-ToAzureDirect.ps1 -UseSecureCredentials
```

**Option B: Using Config File**
```powershell
# Copy and edit the config template
Copy-Item .\config\config.template.json .\config\config.json
# Edit config.json with your values

.\scripts\Deploy-StudentAccessAutomation.ps1 -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
```

**Option C: Using Bicep (IaC)**
```powershell
az deployment group create \
  --resource-group rg-student-access-automation \
  --template-file infrastructure/main.bicep \
  --parameters tenantId=<your-tenant-id> ...
```

**Option D: GitHub Actions (CI/CD)**
1. Push repo to GitHub
2. Run `.\scripts\New-GitHubFederation.ps1 -GitHubRepo "owner/repo"`
3. Add secrets to GitHub repository
4. Push to main branch to trigger deployment

---

## ⚙️ Deployment Options Comparison

| Method | GitHub Required | Best For |
|--------|-----------------|----------|
| **Interactive Menu** | ❌ No | First-time users, manual control |
| **Direct PowerShell** | ❌ No | Quick deployment, scripting |
| **Bicep Template** | ❌ No | Infrastructure as Code |
| **GitHub Actions** | ✅ Yes | CI/CD, team environments |

---

## 🔐 Credential Storage Options

### Option 1: Secure Local Storage (Recommended)
Credentials stored in **Windows Credential Manager**:
- ✅ Encrypted at rest
- ✅ Tied to Windows user account
- ✅ Never in plain text
- ✅ Survives reboots

```powershell
Import-Module .\scripts\SecureCredentialManager.psm1
Set-AllCredentials  # Interactive prompt
```

### Option 2: Config File
Store in `config/config.json` (add to `.gitignore`):
```json
{
    "TenantId": "your-tenant-id",
    "ClientId": "your-client-id",
    "ClientSecret": "your-secret",
    "StudentGroupId": "your-group-id"
}
```

### Option 3: GitHub Secrets (for CI/CD)
Required secrets:
- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
- `AZURE_TENANT_ID`
- `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`
- `GRAPH_CLIENT_ID`
- `GRAPH_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `STUDENT_GROUP_ID`

---

## 📊 Configuration

### Schedule Settings

| Setting | Default | Description |
|---------|---------|-------------|
| `EnableTime` | `07:55` | Time to enable accounts (5 min before school) |
| `DisableTime` | `16:05` | Time to disable accounts (5 min after school) |
| `TimeZone` | `W. Europe Standard Time` | Schedule time zone |
| `DaysOfWeek` | `Mon-Fri` | Days to run schedules |
| `RevokeTokens` | `true` | Force immediate sign-out |

### API Permissions Required

| Permission | Type | Purpose |
|------------|------|---------|
| `User.ReadWrite.All` | Application | Enable/disable accounts |
| `Group.Read.All` | Application | Read group membership |
| `Directory.Read.All` | Application | Read directory data |

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Test Without Making Changes (WhatIf Mode)
```powershell
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Status -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Enable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json -WhatIf
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Disable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json -WhatIf
```

### Test with Real Changes
```powershell
# Enable all students (run manually to test)
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Enable -ConfigPath .\config\config.json

# Check status
.\scripts\Test-StudentAccess.ps1 -Action Status -ConfigPath .\config\config.json
```

---

## 📈 Monitoring & Logs

### Azure Portal
1. Go to **Automation Account** → **Jobs**
2. View execution history and output
3. Set up alerts for failed jobs

### PowerShell
```powershell
# Get recent job status
Get-AzAutomationJob -ResourceGroupName "rg-student-access-automation" `
                    -AutomationAccountName "StudentAccessAutomation" `
                    -StartTime (Get-Date).AddDays(-1)
```

---

## 💰 Cost Estimate

| Resource | Monthly Cost |
|----------|-------------|
| Azure Automation | ~€2-5 (500 min free) |
| Log Storage | < €1 |
| **Total** | **~€3-6/month** |

---

## 🔄 Alternative Solutions Comparison

| Solution | Cloud-Only | UX | Cost | Complexity |
|----------|------------|-----|------|------------|
| **This Solution (Azure Automation)** | ✅ Yes | ⚠️ Poor | €3-6/mo | Medium |
| Hybrid AD + PTA | ✅ Yes* | ✅ Good | Infrastructure | High |
| Intune Device Control | ✅ Yes | ✅ Good | Free** | Medium |
| Third-party (GoGuardian) | ✅ Yes | ✅ Best | €3-8/user/yr | Low |

\* Requires on-premises AD infrastructure  
\** Requires managed devices

---

## ❓ Troubleshooting

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| Module import fails | Wait 5-10 minutes; modules import in background |
| Permission denied | Verify admin consent was granted |
| No students found | Check StudentGroupId is correct Object ID |
| Schedule not running | Verify time zone setting |
| Credentials not found | Run `Set-AllCredentials` to store them |

---

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Submit a pull request

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file

---

## 📞 Support

- Open a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/yourorg/StudentTime-Management-M365/issues)
- Review [Azure Automation Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/automation/)
- Review [Microsoft Graph API Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/overview)
